A picture is worth 1000 words,
is an English language saying that tells us how much information can be
carried in a picture rather than verbal explanation.
Let's take a practical explanation.
Imagine that I am telling you about New York City in rush
hour, and I say there are many incoming cars and people
are coming from everywhere.
The street is full with high buildings,
and there are some trees here and there and one
traffic light controlling the traffic.
Just imagine for a few seconds, do you think you can relate
with me or even imagine what's in my head?
It turns out that our cognitive ability to process
verbal information is limited.
On the other hand, imagine if I just show you this lovely picture.
Do you see how lively and rich is it?
Research confirms that our brains are able to process visual data better.
Just imagine doing the same with the data we analyze.
We can relate to pictures better than numbers, and this is why we have this module.